## Meeting week 6

This is the agenda for our meeting with the TA in week 6

---

Location: Drebbelweg building IZ2\
Date:           21/03/2023\
Time:           16:45 - 17:30\
Main focus:     Organize tasks\
Chair:          Atanas\
Note taker:     Robert


# Opening
*How is everybody doing, did everyone read the agenda,
are there more points outside the agenda that we have to discuss?*

# Points of action

- *Self-reflection* for the last week; How did you contribute for the project since our last meeting? 
- Deadline coming: *Heuristic Usability Evaluation* (Does everyone know what is this?)
- Draft for the *product pitch* (Deadline - next Friday)
    - Who is responsible for creating almost complete product?
    - What should be done until then?
- Organize the work for this week
    - Last sprints were a little chaotic.
    - Make sure to contribute more in GitLab (Create issues, review and comment merge requests) 
    - Pull the new changes regularly to prevent merge conflicts. 
- Design choices on the scenes that we have and those that we still have to implement
    - How should the main page look like?
    - Suggestions for changes on our existing scenes.
    - Some other team decisions.

# Questions for the TA
Are we falling behind compared to the other groups since our last meeting?

# Question round
If something is still unclear you can ask your questions now.

# Closing
**What have we agreed upon** in todayâ€™s meeting?
