## Meeting week 6
This is the agenda for our meeting with the TA in week 6
---
Location: Drebbelweg building IZ2\
Date:           28/03/2023\
Time:           16:45 - 17:30\
Main focus:     Organize tasks\
Chair:          Jimmy\
Note taker:     Arpi\
# Opening
*[16:45-16:50] How is everybody doing, did everyone read the agenda,
are there more points outside the agenda that we have to discuss?*
# Points of action
[16:50-16:55] *Self-reflection* for the last week; How did you contribute for the project since our last meeting? 
[16:55-17:00] Deadline coming: *(Draft) Teamwork Self Reflection
[17:00-17:10] Draft for the *product pitch* (Deadline = Friday)
 - Who is responsible for creating almost complete product?
 - What should be done until then?
 
[17:10-17:25] HUE feedback and design choices:
- What do we still need to do for final HUE product and when
 - What are we going to do with the feedback
- Design choices on the scenes that we have and those that we still have to implement
 -- multiboard
 -- task creation
# Question round
[17:25-17:30] If something is still unclear you can ask your questions now.
# Closing
[17:30] **What have we agreed upon** in todayâ€™s meeting?
# Notes
 - Work on Code distributions (do work, and merge!)
 - Don't work ahead!
 - Do the teamwork Self Reflection !
 - Product Pitch! Try to finish it by Friday.
    -- Screen record app 
    -- Everyone speak around the same
    -- Present it as the most beautiful thing 
 - Thursday 17:00 meeting at library. 
 - If you worked on front, learn back-end and vise versa.
 - HUE read feedbacks and fix (table, empty column, etc)

