# TA4: The who, what, when and how of week 4.

## Implementation planning

Location: Drebbelweg building IZ2
Date: 07/03/2023
Time: 16:45-17:30
Attendees: Arpi, Jimmy, Konrad, Matus, Robert and Atanas
Chairman: Konrad
Minute taker: Matus

Items:
16.45-16.47
Opening by chairman (reading of items)
16.47-16.50
**Check-in**
- How’s everyone doing?

16.50-16.55
**Announcements**
16.55-17.02
Heuristic Usability Evaluation lecture discussion
- Has everyone **participated in the lecture**/went through the material?
- Does anyone have any **questions about/problems with the material**?

17.02-17.07
TA code feedback discussion
- Has everyone **looked at the W3 feedback?**
- **How and When should we incorporate the “Potentially Shippable Product” into our project?**
- Does anyone have any **questions about/problems with the feedback?**

17.07-17.10
Official Backlog release - introduction
 - Has everyone **gone through the official backlog release?**
 - if someone has not, they have time to skim through the “basic requirements” epic **during this timeslot**, as it is the part of it that will be the main topic of the meeting.

17.10-17.25
Official Backlog release
- How do the official backlog’s basic requirements differ from our backlog’s?**What issues arise** due to these conflicts?
- **How should the basic requirements be divided among the team members?Which ones should be done in groups, and which ones individually? In which order do we implement them to ensure a lack of dependency conflicts?**
- Does anyone have **questions** about the requirements in the backlog?Does the team have any **questions** about the implementation of basic requirements?

17.25-17.30
Conclusion
- **What have we agreed upon** in today’s meeting?
- Does anyone have any **additional questions?**


Each subject should be summarized after it is concluded.
